feat(http): Replace usage of "payload" with "content" (#35063)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/messages/index.md

3. A blank line indicating all meta-information for the request has been sent.
4. An optional _body_ containing data associated with the request (like content of an HTML form), or the document associated with a response. The presence of the body and its size is specified by the start-line and HTTP headers.

> The start-line and HTTP headers of the HTTP message are collectively known as the _head_ of the requests, whereas its content is known as the _body_.

Reviewer: Well, as we know, content and body are not synonymous, since the payload/content can have message framing.

```suggestion
The start-line and HTTP headers of the HTTP message are collectively known as the _head_ of the requests, and the part afterwards that contains its content is known as the _body_.
```

### Body

> The last part of a response is the body. Not all responses have one: responses with a status code that sufficiently answers the request without the need to include content (like {{HTTPStatus("201", "201 Created")}} or {{HTTPStatus("204", "204 No Content")}}) usually don't.

Reviewer: Should content be a glossary link here?
